# symmetric-android-client-demo

This Android application is designed to work with the demo configuration used in the Quick-Start tutorial.

Follow along the Quick-Start demo instructions to setup an example configuration on your local machine. This will create a configuration with a sample corporate database and two store databases. These databases are configured to synchronize sample tables called ITEM, ITEM_SELLING_PRICE, SALE_TRANSACTION, and SALE_RETURN_LINE_ITEM.

After completing the Quick-Start demo configuration instructions, stop SymmetricDS, update the engines/corp-000.properties file and update the sync.url property to replace localhost with your local machine’s IP address.

Once the demo configuration is up and running, the Android application can be setup to synchronize data with your local machine. The demo application will act as a store database to sync tables to the corporate databases.

Next you will need to modify the DbProvider class in the Android project code. Update the REGISTRATION_URL String to be the same as the sync.url on the corp-000 node after it was modified in the section above.

# Build Instructions

This project was developed using Android Studio 3.0.1, Android SDK 26, and Java 8.

To compile, the SymmetricDS .jar files must be built from the SymmetricDS source code and copied into the Android project.

The libs directory containing the necessary .jar files can be downloaded as a zip archive (symmetric-android-VERSION.zip) from the SymmetricDS downloads page. 

Alternatively, the libs directory can be generated by cloning the symmetric-ds GitHub repository and running the following command in the symmetric-assemble directory: 
./gradlew androidDistZip

The libs directory will be outputted in a .zip archive to the symmetric-android/build/distributions/ directory

Extract the libs directory and copy the entire directory to the app/libs directory in the Android project.


